in 1938 a relevant social issue was
brought into light in a deep yet a loud
voice
this was Bobby the story of a young
widow the atrocities and the anguish
that she faced yeah hey yeah Toki surely
konkey sure there are Amish I get a call
it in a professor looking me butl qg
don't shut up in alligator Chirag nahi
masterji spirit the subject of the film
--is injustice towards young widows that
young widow being dragged into scandals
and in this story kind of spread about
her relation with her brother-in-law
whom she loved like her own brother or
her own son
he even got a very high court even
yeah somebody didn't pick that up or
with Turner who did a shotgun oh yeah
yeah bringing rotor javi regime of teeth
it is quite interesting and this film
was directed by Francis 10 a German
director and a musical hit of these are
the times when social issues were not
publicly spoken about the celluloid the
director of this particular film had the
guts and the vision to take this topic a
little bit more seriously and to throw
it into the audience for us discuss and
take it a little bit more seriously mr.
Rajiv Apsara didn't want to short a blue
streak a home Arizona bottle for Johnny
yesterday you get it yeah are we
J
you